---
layout: post
category: Hello World
tags: [one, two, three]
title: This is a template File
link: http://google.com/
published: false
---

# Level 1 Header
Some Text

## Level 2 Header
Some more Text

### Level 3 Header
This page offers a brief overview of what it’s like to use Markdown. The syntax page provides complete, detailed documentation for every feature, but Markdown should be very easy to pick up simply by looking at a few examples of it in action. The examples on this page are written in a before/after style, showing example syntax and the HTML output produced by Markdown.

> Quote! he said.
> Then vanished away.

Some of these words *are emphasized*.
Some of these words _are emphasized also_.

Use two asterisks for **strong emphasis**.
Or, if you prefer, __use two underscores instead__.

Now lets test a list:
-   Candy.
-   Gum.
-   Booze.

This is an [example link](http://example.com/).

I strongly recommend against using any `<blink>` tags.

If you want your page to validate under XHTML 1.0 Strict,
you've got to put paragraph tags in your blockquotes:

    <blockquote>
            <p>For example.</p>
    </blockquote>

    {% highlight python lineno %}
"""Sums all the even-valued Fibonacci numbers less than 4,000,000.

For more info, see http://projecteuler.net/index.php?section=problems&id=2

"""

# Taken from the Python Decorator Library
class memoized(object):
    """Decorator that caches a function's return value each time it is called.

    If called later with the same arguments, the cached value is returned, and
    not re-evaluated.
    """
    def __init__(self, func):
        self.func = func
        self.cache = {}
    def __call__(self, *args):
        try:
            return self.cache[args]
        except KeyError:
            self.cache[args] = value = self.func(*args)
            return value
        except TypeError:
            # uncachable -- for instance, passing a list as an argument.
            # Better to not cache than to blow up entirely.
            return self.func(*args)
    def __repr__(self):
        """Return the function's docstring."""
        return self.func.__doc__

@memoized
def fib(term):
    """Calculate the nth Fibonacci number."""
    if (1 >= term):
        return term

    return fib(term - 2) + fib(term - 1) 

def find_highest_necessary_num(max):
    """Find the highest n such that fib(n) < max."""
    n = 0
    while(fib(n) < max):
        n += 1

    return n

def problem_two():
    """Calculate the sum of the even Fibonacci numbers less than 4,000,000."""
    fibs = [fib(n) for n in range(find_highest_necessary_num(4000000))]
    return sum([cur_fib for cur_fib in fibs if not cur_fib % 2])

if (__name__ == "__main__"):
    print problem_two()
    {% endhighlight %}
